samples: nrf9160: pdn: show use of getifaddrs (#10484)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

nRF9160 samples
---------------

* :ref:`pdn_sample` sample:

>   * Added:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Updated:
```

>   * Added:
> 
>     * The sample now shows how to get interface address information using the :c:func:`nrf_getifaddrs` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Updated the sample to show how to get interface address information using the :c:func:`nrf_getifaddrs` function.
```
